Ohh!
Nirvana.
Why weren't we born rich?
'Cause our parents didn't have money.
Hmm.
Shall we go on our yacht. darling?
Which one?
Slow down!
Oh. you wish!
Gilda?
Where do you think...
You're going?
Catch me if you can.
Oh. I can.
Gilda. come on.
- What was that?
- What?
I think I heard a car.
No. you didn't.
Rocky. stop.
Go look out the window.
- Now?
- Yeah. go.
Somebody's here. you're right.
Come on. let's go.
No. no. not the door.
The window.
Come on.
You got it?
Yeah.
Ohh!
You okay?
Yeah. I'm fine.
Come on.
Let's go. Hurry up.
Hyuh!
Rocky. what are you doing?
Come on!
Are you still dizzy?
I'm all right.
Well. your liver enzymes
are elevated.
and we found traces of a neurotoxin
in your blood: Phtx3.
which is usually associated
with a spider bite.
Lucky you didn't get more of it.
or it would've paralyzed your lungs.
Well. if you feel lightheaded
or feverish. come on back.
All right.
They find anything wrong with you?
Just a few toxins in the blood.
Just a few toxins?
Like the kind that can kill you?
Well. apparently not.
You gonna be okay?
How do I look?
Like a cop who's been
working all night.
Aw. that's funny. Hank.
That's how you look.
Well. then you look good.
Marie.
She's not stable.
We can't allow anyone
in the I.C.U. yet.
Well. when can I talk to her?
After we're done running the tests.
We can't risk letting her
slip back into a coma.
I'll call you the minute
we know something.
I.D. anyone who wants
access to the room.
How is she?
Well. she came out of the coma.
but they're still running tests.
So when did the attack happen?
About ten minutes after I got here.
She came up behind me.
She had a syringe in her hand.
How do you know she wasn't a nurse?
Well. she stuck a needle
into me. and she ran away.
Well. you think you can identify her?
Yeah. she should be
on the security tapes.
I grabbed them when I got here.
They're on their way to the precinct.
Let's take a look at those tapes.
If we got another killer
on our hands.
we better get on this.
When's the last time you saw
your aunt before this?
Not for a couple years.
I don't know what she's been up to.
That's her.
Was she alone?
She's the only one I saw.
It'll be difficult to make
an I.D. from the back.
- Is this all you got?
- Yeah.
Let me know if you get
something we can work with.
Dude. what'd your aunt do
to piss off so many people?
She work for the government
or something?
I had a D.U.I. out on
highway 2 about an hour ago.
Driver's got some crazy story
about her boyfriend being attacked.
Name's Gilda Darner.
What do you think?
Ah. grown up way too fast.
Single parent. if she has any.
Takes way too many chances.
and looks for excitement
- in all the wrong places.
- Sounds like me.
Yeah.
Look how you turned out.
Gilda Darner?
This is the house.
This is where it happened.
Somebody got here before us.
Stay in the car.
What are you doing here?
I haven't even called it in yet.
- Well. what do you got?
- Breaking and entering.
Mr. and Mrs. Rabe
got back from Seattle
a couple hours ago.
found their house broken into.
Somebody raided the fridge.
hit the liquor cabinet.
tried on some clothes.
and test-drove a couple of beds.
Any sign of violence?
No. No blood.
No body parts.
Only stains we've come up with
are wine and whoopee.
- Who's her missing boy toy?
- Says his name's Rocky.
We're still trying to figure out
how much of her story is true.
Well. she's copping to
the B and E. so some of it is.
Where are the owners?
Upstairs.
Somebody was sleeping in our bed.
Sleep had nothing to do
with what they were doing in our bed.
You have an alarm system?
Well. we've been a little lax
in using it lately.
We're pretty remote out here.
I mean. we've never had
a problem before.
You should see the living room.
Nothing was stolen?
Don't know yet.
Nothing obvious.
You have quite a collection.
Is that a Fijian war club?
Yes. actually. it is.
And a new Guinea tribal fork.
This is some valuable stuff.
You know your aboriginal art.
I've never seen one like that before.
It's Germanic.
Uh. very rare.
From about 900 A.D.
We belong to organizations
that protect native land
from development.
There's a lot of rich
cultural heritage disappearing.
and we're trying
to protect what's left
both locally and globally...
Honey. I think you're getting
a little irrelevant.
Well. you have
to respect your ancestors.
Right. detective?
I had to respect mine.
otherwise. I couldn't
sit down for a week.
Anyone else have access
to the house when you were away?
Just our cleaning people.
And our son Barry.
who's staying with friends.
And our neighbors. the Colberts.
who check on our house
from time to time
when we're out of town.
Fijian war club?
Second wife was an anthropologist.
So there were two people
in that house.
So where's Gilda's boyfriend?
My guess. Rocky's home
right now. sleeping it off.
Ohh! Ah.
Sync and correction by Mlmlte
www.addic7ed.com
So you do this?
Break into homes. party hardy.
- We were just having fun.
- Illegal fun.
Gilda. you said after you
dropped out of the window.
you heard Rocky scream.
you started running away
from the house.
and something chased you.
Yes.
It's my fault.
I should've gone back for him.
but...I just left him there.
I left him there.
Please. Please. you've gotta
do something.
Gilda. do you have any idea
who was chasing you?
A man? A dog?
Some kind of animal?
I-I don't know.
I don't know.
I couldn't really get
a good look at it.
I was so scared. I just wanted
to get out of there.
I know that something terrible
has happened to him.
They went to Rocky's house.
Rocky wasn't there.
Talked to his dad.
Truck driver.
Just got back the night before last.
hasn't seen Rocky.
- What about his mother?
- Died when he was a kid.
Did he have a cell phone?
Used to. Dad said they had
to cut back on expenses. so...
Did he have any idea
where his son might be?
He said if you find his pickup.
that's where he'll be.
Well. his truck's
already been impounded.
Gilda was driving it last night.
That's all I got.
What if their little party
got out of hand. Rocky got hurt?
Maybe he fell down the stairs.
Maybe Gilda pushed him.
broke his neck.
Gilda got scared.
dumped his body in the river
or into the woods.
Now she's trying to make it look
like she's innocent.
I don't think she's trying
to cover anything up.
It seems to me
she's pushing us to find him.
I think we have to take another look
at that house they broke into.
Hello?
I need to see you.
Now.
She's very weak.
but I realize you
may not have much time.
I'll be right outside.
I was afraid I lost you.
Not yet.
You're all I have left.
I don't want this to happen.
I know.
But you'll be all right.
Yeah. I don't feel like
I'm gonna be all right.
I'm still trying to
make sense of everything.
Look. if you hadn't been here.
I would've lost my mind.
I'm not sure I haven't.
Don't doubt yourself.
- I've seen so much.
- And you'll see more.
You have a responsibility
that you cannot ignore.
I couldn't ignore it if I tried.
You have to hunt down the bad ones.
just like your ancestors did.
There's a reason that you're a cop.
You have an ability.
and you must use it.
no matter what happens to me.
I'll go get a doctor.
No.
The reapers followed me here.
That means there could be more.
How many are there?
Nobody knows.
They're a secret organization
dedicated to killing us.
You mean Grimms?
There are more like us?
Yes. but I don't
have contact with them.
What about the things
I've been seeing?
How many more of those are there?
There are more in the books
than I've ever seen.
You must not let
the trailer be found.
They don't know it exists.
I hope I haven't done more harm
than good by coming to you.
Let her rest.
You can come back later.
How is she?
Well. she's dying of cancer.
She's had two attempts made
at her life.
Other than that.
she's doing all right.
She's one tough lady.
I had no idea.
So you got anything on the Rabes?
Yeah. Their house sits
on about 200 acres.
backs up onto the national forest.
500 square miles
of trees behind them.
Lots of places for Rocky to get lost.
These woods are too big
for the two of us.
Let's get some people out here.
Whoa. whoa. whoa.
whoa. whoa. Look out.
Hey. Nice riding.
Oh. I hope we didn't scare you.
Oh. no. you guys are lucky
you didn't get thumped.
Look. we knew what we were doing.
That's a good thing.
'cause I hate
cleaning blood off my car.
You guys. uh. here for my parents?
Detectives Burkhardt and Griffin.
You're Barry Rabe.
You live here. right?
Have you guys ever seen
either of 'em?
Oh. no. take your time.
Make sure you don't know them
from school or anything.
Look. we've never seen them before.
Boys. dinner's ready.
Wash up.
What are you doing back here?
Did you find out
who broke into our house?
Yeah. I think so.
Frank. you should come out here.
Ma'am could you take a look at these?
Now. the girl's already in custody.
but we haven't seen the guy yet.
Have you ever seen
either of these guys?
No.
- Yeah. me. either.
- Hey. Barry.
you didn't happen to come home
last night. did you?
He was staying at
Jason and T.B.'s house
while we were gone.
Sorry. Mrs. Rabe. we have to ask.
Just in case he saw the boy leave.
No. I didn't get home
till this morning.
after my parents got back.
No. I-I didn't see 'em.
How far away do you guys live?
What is this?
Look. we're just trying to figure out
where everybody was last night.
We know they broke into your house.
but no one's seen the boy
since last night.
The girl said she heard a scream
inside the house after she left.
And you believe someone
who broke into our house.
drank our wine. ate our food.
and took advantage of our bedroom?
I think you'd be better off
looking under a few rocks.
Wish you'd remember
that we're the victims here.
Boys. let's go in the house.
If you want to talk to me.
you can call me tomorrow
at my law firm.
Man. we really hit a nerve.
Let's run some phone records.
pin down where everyone was
last night.
She came out of the coma.
and I've had to put guards on her.
What do you want me to do?
We can't allow her
to tell him anything more.
- We need him with us.
- And how do I get to her?
Well. you don't.
But you get somebody who can.
With guards on her?
Don't worry about that.
Just find the right people...
And I do mean people.
We can't afford
someone getting excited
and blowing the whole thing.
Don't you know
this is a bad neighborhood?
How much is it worth
for you not to get hurt?
Don't worry.
I'll take care of this.
Nick?
Yeah. in here.
I picked up Chinese
from Lotus. and...
- Got Voodoo doughnuts.
- Ah. you are the best.
Don't be such a cop.
The doughnuts are for dessert.
Are we buying a totem pole?
No. I saw one outside a house
of a case I'm working on.
Some kind of clan of the bear.
"The bear is a messenger
to the supernatural world.
"His position of dominance
in the totemic hierarchy
"is the result of
a common ancestral belief
in the sanctity of their territory."
Hmm.
Is the totem pole some kind of clue?
I don't know. but you
make it sound kind of sexy.
- It's just the word pole.
- Mm.
I stopped by to see Marie today.
It scared me. seeing
all the police in the hospital.
I don't know why anybody
would want to hurt her.
She can't even die in peace.
How are you doing with all that?
Well. I'm not doing
too good about it. but...
You know. there's nothing I can do.
so I'm putting on my happy face.
I'm not buying that grin.
Put it back.
Okay. Do it.
Uhh!
That'll work.
Aunt Marie.
What are you doing here?
Remember what I told you.
Okay.
There'll be more red...
When the sun goes down.
Uhh!
You okay?
Yeah.
Yeah. just. uh...
A bad dream. I hope.
What was it?
My aunt just stabbed me in the hand.
What did you do to her?
Nope. just a dream.
But I don't even know
where to begin interpreting that one.
I was trying to let you sleep.
Lot of good that did.
Hey. hey.
Where you going so early?
I'm operating on a bulldog at 7:00.
I'll call you later.
You have to hunt down the bad ones.
We need to talk.
Not at 6:30 in the morning. we don't.
This is important.
Oh. well. come on in. then.
Have a cup of coffee.
Bagel? Cream cheese?
First. I want to thank you
for helping me out
with the kidnapping.
A gift basket would've been nice.
How long is this gonna take?
I'm right in the middle
of my Pilates. man.
You ever seen one of these?
Not up close. thank God.
I think Jagerbars use these
for disemboweling.
Now I'm hungry.
Sure you don't want a bagel?
I'm gonna French press
some coffee. too.
Guatemalan highlands.
Craft roasted.
Very robust.
What do you know about Jagerbars?
What am I. your personal Grimmopedia?
No. you're a Blutbad.
and I'm assuming that Blutbaden
know about Jagerbaden?
It's just Jagerbars.
Well. you see them
like I see them. right?
Yes.
Hey. I'm just trying to figure out
- what I'm up against here.
- Okay.
Right there...
Don't even compare the two.
We don't rummage like they do.
How'd you run across
a Jagerbar anyway?
Look. I'm working on a case.
I saw a kid turn into one.
That where you got the claw?
No. my aunt had it.
Oh. right. Her again.
Aunt Marie. right?
Yeah. I couldn't sleep
the last two nights
thinking ol' aunt Marie
was gonna cut off my head.
stick it on a lamp post.
That's how my great grandma
ended up. you know.
Hey. she's still in the hospital.
Oh. Sorry. Um...
They use those claws in the Roh-Hatz.
Roh-Hatz?
It's like a Bar Mitzvah for bears.
You know. a Jagerbar Mitzvah.
It's a very physical thing.
A lot of pounding of chests.
and. like. wailing.
Who wails anymore?
Supposed to connect with the
primitive beast in all of us.
And believe me. I do mean all of us.
So what do they do?
- It's all about the chase.
- What chase?
The Roh-Hatz. you know?
Caveman mumbo-jumbo.
"Let's get some beers
and barbeque and be stupid."
I mean. I like to camp
as much as the next guy.
You know. maybe once a year.
Want plain or onion?
I gotta go.
Oh. Well.
Thanks for stopping by.
What are you drawing?
Jagerbar.
You saw one?
Well. there was a family.
but the boy's the only one I saw.
- How old?
- 18.
That could be a problem
if they're traditional.
Anyone die?
I don't know.
I've got aissing person.
Do you know what the Roh-Hatz is?
You're learning.
That's good.
It's a rite of passage
from boy to man.
They do it at sunset.
It isn't pretty.
The red of the sun
and the blood on their hands.
Just got the phone records.
Several calls were made
between 9:00 and midnight.
We triangulated a call made from
Barry Rabe's cell phone
that puts him at his house
at 11:30 that night.
When Gilda was there with Rocky.
Yeah. so Barry's lying.
and lawyer dad
is running interference.
Oh. a lawyer doing a bad thing?
- Never heard of that before.
- Hey. Nick.
Can I talk to you a minute?
Yes. sir?
Listen. I had to pull the guys
guarding your aunt
- at the hospital.
- What?
With no hard evidence
of a second attack.
I couldn't justify
the expense to the chief
without it looking like we're
giving preferential treatment
to police families.
I'm sorry. but my hands are tied.
Monroe.
Now what?
A Grimm?
Are you out of your mind?
I can't do this.
Look. I just need your help
until I can figure
something else out.
I'm not a cop.
Yeah. you...You're the only one
who knows what I'm...
No. I am the only one
who is stupid enough
to talk to you.
I'll owe you one.
Dude. you already owe me three.
Three?
Yeah. The little girl
who was kidnapped.
the Jagerbar at 6:30 this morning
in the middle of my Pilates.
and now this.
Okay. I'll owe you three.
What the hell makes you think
I am gonna stay here and protect her?
Because I trust you.
Look. I'll be back as soon as I can.
Maybe you shouldn't trust me.
Hey. what's up?
Rocky's dad just called.
Gilda made bail.
She went over to his house
and got a gun Rocky had in his room.
He couldn't stop her.
Said she was gonna get Rocky back
or kill the people that took him.
Where is he?
- Where is he?
- Oh. my God.
Are you the girl
that broke into my house?
You tell me where he is.
or I'll shoot.
Please don't hurt me.
I-I-I don't know what
you're talking about.
You know where he...Aah!
Uhh!
Are you okay. mom?
I am now.
And well done. son.
Hunting two is better than one.
You make your ancestors proud.
Ohh!
Get rid of her truck.
Hi.
Barry home?
- No. he's out with friends.
- Doing what?
I don't know.
Riding their bikes?
God. I hope he doesn't
break his neck.
What do you want?
The woman who broke into your house
is on her way here...
And she's not happy.
She's got a gun.
What? Is everything okay?
- Everything's fine.
- I don't really think so.
It doesn't look like she's here yet.
I'm going back down the road.
I'll block it off in case she shows.
We need to talk.
Right now.
I know what you are.
You know who I am.
So let's cut the crap.
You wanna cut the crap?
Okay. You're a Grimm.
You're a danger to my family.
And don't think wearing a badge
is going to protect you.
This isn't about me.
I know about the hunt.
- What are you talking about?
- The roh-hatz.
- Nobody does that anymore.
- Yes. they do.
And when the sun goes down tonight.
it's gonna be too late.
Look. Barry and those two boys
have got Rocky.
and we don't have a lot of time.
Come on. you're a lawyer.
If they kill this innocent kid
over this stupid hunt.
their lives are over.
- Where are they?
- I told you.
Where are they?
Why don't you ask to see his warrant?
Oh. my God.
I didn't realize.
So what do you want to do?
You want to go inside.
have a few drinks. forget about it?
Or do you want to come with me?
Okay. But we're gonna have
to take my four-Wheeler.
You know where they are?
I think I know where they might be.
Requesting back-up
at 1534 Wilder road.
If we find them. promise me
you're not gonna hurt them.
I won't if I don't have to.
Okay.
It's Nick.
You got anything?
I found the truck.
She's here somewhere.
I'm with Frank Rabe.
I'm going after the boys.
I'll call you if I get anything.
We're sorry
we broke into your house.
We'll never do it again.
Uhh! Just let her go!
Yeah. we'll let her go.
We're gonna let you go. too.
Don't worry.
We'll give you a head start.
No. please. no.
Oh. wow. man.
They're really scared.
Please!
It's ridiculous.
You people murdered my grandfather.
The Grimms burned down his farm.
cut off his head.
his hands. and his feet.
Okay. he may have deserved it
for some of the things he did.
But if my parents could see me now.
standing this close to you
and not avenging the family.
last Thanksgiving I'd be
invited to. I can tell you that.
Take your best shot. Blutbad.
We're gonna have to
take the trail from here.
How do you know they'll be there?
I don't.
Uhh!
Guh!
Uhh! Ohh!
Aah!
Okay. that went a little too far.
There's a cave up ahead.
Let me go first.
try and talk them out.
No.
I'm either coming with you.
or I'm going alone.
We're too late.
It's started.
Come on. get up!
Get out!
Aah! Uhh!
This isn't gonna get any better
unless you stop.
No! Barry! Son!
This is over.
Stay down.
It stops now.
No!
Mom! Don't!
Mom.
Mom...Please.
I am so sorry.
You did nothing wrong.
Yeah. he did. Diane.
And now we're all
gonna have to pay for it.
You have to respect your ancestors.
Not like this.
Okay. let's see. we got kidnapping
and attempted murder
for Barry. Jason. and t.B.
Breaking and entering
for Rocky and Gilda.
Well. at least
they weren't doing drugs.
Detective.
She wanted them
to know their heritage.
She never understood
the danger of it.
It isn't easy
to give up your history.
You haven't had to give up yours.
Yeah.
It's been a lot of fun.
Hello?
You told me to protect her.
And I did. but...
Get me four units of o-positive.
I think I may have gone
a little overboard.
Trauma surgeon
to O.R. one. stat.
Trauma surgeon to O.R. one. stat.
Look. I can't stick around.
Things are getting a little dicey.
And you should get down here.
I'm not sure I got all of 'em.
Oh!
Get security up here!
Uhh!
Remember who you are.
Trust your instincts
and nothing else.
No.
Marie.
Come on.
Rest well.
Are you all right?
No.
But I will be.
Sync and correction by Mlmlte
www.addic7ed.com